Hey Mr. Wu, could you read my essay?
...?
Now I see why having a "so what" is so important. Without one, my writing simply describes and proves points with giving the audience no reason to read it. This "so what" shows the audience that the largest problem is accountability, not funding.
In my opinion, a hook is the most important part of an story. While my hook doesn't have action per se, it sets an eerie and unsettling athmosphere.
Hmm... I can't remember why I did this. A quote like, "Attention passengers. The train has been delayed. Thank you for your patience," would have had a monotonous tone to reflect the initial athmosphere.
Once the audience connects the dots... this part will make more sense.
Have. To. Have. Onomatopeia. Literary device.
Just realized that all noises pierce the air... Note to self: Literary devices must paint a picture for the audience.
Even though I had already learned about the different literary devices in prior classes, this course developed my application of figurative language. This story is a filled with literary device to paint a vivid picture of the situation. The lack of convetional action in this story challenged me to create an athmosphere that made the reader feel like they were a character, rather than a bystander.
At this point, I've realized that my implementation of dialogue has improved since the beginning of the course. Before, my dialogue was simply words for the audience to understand the story. In this story, the dialogue conveys the stressed mood of the passengers and the fast-paced nature of the story.
The TWIST! The main character couldn't hear anything because of their headphones! This plot twist adds to the overall theme of miscommunication and misunderstanding in the story.
To be honest, I don't normally enjoy writing, because my thoughts largely outpace my typing skills. Typing also makes my fingers sore. Despite this, I really enjoyed writing this creative piece, as I was able to use symbolism that only I would understand at the beginning of the piece. The challenge of making the symbolism consistent was fun, and tricking the audience until the very end felt rewarding.
I've always been interested in alternative energy, environmental tech, and sustainable infrastructure. This essay is actually a spiritual successor to a essay I wrote in Grade 8, which promoted the extraction of rare earth materials. This essay once again implored me to reapply my research skills and critical thinking to explore the benefits and drawbacks of Small Modular Reactors as a solution to urban energy issues.
I was thinking about strategies to implement my "so what" more throughout my essays. One idea that I came up with was looking at my thesis statement at the beginning and end of each example, to ensure that there is a direct connection between my evidence and the "so what."
Attempted to connect back to my "so what" here. I definitely could have more of these thoughout my essay, with proper rewording.
It's clear.
I need to include more about the "so what" in my future essays. So far, I think adding "so what" statements in my argument has been my largest takeaway of this course. To develop my essay writing, I need to compel the audience towards my viewpoint with greater efficacy.
This was definitely one of the toughest essays I've written so far. Moral apathy is a complex topic, and views definietely depend on personal values and one's perspective.
Results. Result. Results. Result. Results. Result. Results. Result. Results. Result. Results. Result. Results. Result. Results. Result. Results. Result. Results. Result. Results. Result. Results. Result. Results. Result. Results. Result. Results. Result. Results. Result.
I found it quite difficult to reword my thesis and "so what" throughout my essay. For moral apathy, the only one that came to mind was "unethicality," though they aren't perfectly equal.
Tried to incorporate my "so what" here to strengthen my argument and connection to the thesis.
Hi Mr. Wu, is this proper formatting?
I probably could have introduced this quote better. Maybe some formatting will help.
That concludes my writing journey this semester. Through the various pieces I've written, I've been able to apply figureative lanugage, "so what" statements, and persuasive techniques to make meaningful essays. I chose to program this project because I belief that it best represents my creative abilities and writing skills. My writing has definitely improved since the beginning of the course, and I look forward to further applying these skills in future writing assignments.